[PR-19866][Shopify] Refunds sync (#307)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/advanced_features/shopify_purchase_syncing.rst

How it works?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It works as a server-to-server integration between Shopify and Talkable using Shopify `orders/create` and `refunds/create` `webhooks <https://shopify.dev/api/admin-rest/2022-04/resources/webhook>`_.

> When enabling Purchase Syncing, Talkable creates and subscribes to this `orders/create` and `refunds/create` webhooks from the customer's Shopify store. When disabling the setting, the webhooks and the subscription are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabling Purchase Syncing, Talkable creates and subscribes to `orders/create` and `refunds/create` webhooks from the customer's Shopify store. When disabling the setting, the webhook's subscriptions are deleted.
```
